we have a lot of interesting inverts in
our facility some can be kept with your
corals and what we would call them is
reef safe but we also have some
interesting mannish shrimp blue lobsters
red lobsters which are not reef safe
meaning they could harm some of the
corals or some of the invertebrates
so many people are so afraid to buy a
coral and they feel like oh it's even
harder to keep alive than a marine fish
and when I try to explain to people is
keeping corals is the same as keeping
freshwater fish or keeping marine fish
some are so easy to take care of and
some are extremely delicate and that's
the nice thing at our warehouse is we've
tried to explain to customers which ones
are going to be easy to start out with
and which ones are more for the advanced
obvious and the ones that need more
light so we offer everything to the
consumer we offer the the most Hardy
fish all the way to the most delicate
fish
an interesting thing about the marine
fish is you want to buy fish that are
colorful and beautiful and you add a
collection of very colorful fish to your
aquarium and then also there become a
lot of fish that you start to look at
that have unique shapes particular fish
that have unusual behaviors and what
happens is most times most hobbyists one
of the more unusual looking fish or
herds not the most colorful fish becomes
one of their favorite fish in their
aquarium because of the characteristics
and its behavior more so than the color
of the beautiful fish the porcupine
puffer is not one of the most beautiful
fish out there but because of their
personality and the way they swim up to
the glass and let you feed them and
actually hand feed them some of them
become almost pets to people more so
than just fish swimming around an
aquarium in their home
with the freshwater fish we try to offer
a really large variety of unique unusual
and hard-to-find tropical fish my
challenge is to constantly bring in new
species species of fish people have
looked at read about online and they're
fascinating with but can't find at your
local pet station and this is our
specialty to try to carry as many
varieties as we can but we're constantly
searching I'm constantly looking for new
items and rare items we listen to
customer suggestions of particular items
are looking for and we try to obtain
them and we're always rotating our stock
and trying to keep as many different
varieties as possible